Variables
1. What is a variable? Why might a programmer use a variable?
A variable stores data under a given name

2. If the value of first_name is "Abraham" and last_name is "Lincoln", explain the order in which Ruby will run the line full_name = first_name + last_name, and what the final result will be.
Ruby will save the two strings to the string full_name. full_name will equal AbrahamLincoln.

Data Types
3. For each of the following data types, write a short definition and give at least one example of when you might use the data type in a program. (Don't use an example we've already provided.)

string
	A string is characters saved in order. e.g. “123” “ABC”
integer
	An integer is a whole humber. e.g. 1 2 3 4
float
	A float is a decimal. e.g. 1.0 2.1 3.4
nil
	nil is the equivalent to nothing.
boolean
	A boolean is a true or false.

Algorithms
4. What is an algorithm?
An algorithm is the way that something is accomplished. The steps to solving a problem.

5. What are two common categories of algorithm in computer science? 


Methods
6. What is a method? Why might a programmer choose to use a method?
A method is a saved algorithm that you can pass variables through. They are helpful when the same thing has to happen to different variables multiple times.

7. Define the following terms as they relate to a method. 

return value
	What the method’s value is. Can be implicit or explicit.
side effect
	What the method might do, such as puts
parameter
	A condition for the method
argument
	A variable that can be passed into a method
implicit return
	The value of the last line of a method

8. What are global scope and method scope? How do those scopes impact the availability of data at different points in a program?
A global scope is a variable that is accessible throughout the program. Method scopes are variable only accessible in the method.

Control Flow
9. What is control flow? Why might a programmer choose to use flow control?
When there are options depending on the input. The output may change.

10. Define the following terms as they relate to flow control.

loop
	something is done repeatedly until a parameter is met.
if
	if the parameter is met then this thing is done
else
	if no if or elsif parameters are met this thing is done
elsif
	if the if and elsif parameters are not met and this parameter is then this thing 	is done.
while
	Continually do the thing until the parameter is met
until
	Same as while, not sure the difference.